hello everyone I know I'm the only one
things that he's left between seis and
drinks later so I hope to make it worse
eight so I flew from Portland Oregon and
I brought this handcrafted artisanal
slide said I draw on a plane I hope
you'll enjoy them my I want to talk
about AI PDF or interplanetary data feed
this is a project that I've been working
on it's been inspired by two of other
projects so they are doing similar
things most of them are actually here so
please listen to me and come engage with
me later and tell me how I'm wrong so
they all have their values and
trade-offs I decided to make my own
trade-offs and have my own values and
I'll try to explain what they are so
basically what I PFS is really great for
static content but I really want to
version data if you ever felt like oh I
just wish this stuff was in the gate so
I could go through the change look this
is kind of what I want all the data to
be like so essentially let's version
everything that matters and I would tell
that is this is a blockchain with the
fastest consensus algorithm and the
reason being because Authority who owned
the key is the only one who takes
decisions so you just follow the outer
and you got a consensus it tries to
distinguish between what the Phillies
and what the name of the fear is and the
reason being you might have a different
names and different frequencies that
would you publish updates or maybe
sometimes to give an immutable pointer
to some history of the data but not for
the older updates and once if they tries
to do differently is to have a different
more granular access control so there
are three different roles there's a
authors said signs all the blocks and
are verifiable there's a Replicators who
essentially act as a mirror so they can
replicate data as they can look at the
blow up and make sense but they can't
make sense of it they can't just follow
the graph and there are recipients
actors who are you see who are messages
are addressed to and they can go and get
the blobs
and make sense of them so if you're a
stranger and you look at the IP NS
record it looks like a blob that was
signed with something doesn't really
make much sense however if I shared you
with you the replicator key saying you
actually can make some sense out of this
data you can go look at the records that
point to some things that looks like a
linked list graph that with the pointers
to ipfs blobs but they again like don't
really make sense you see the signatures
however you can audit that the author
made all of those changes and they're
versioned finally if you happen to be
recipient saying you can walk the same
graph you can look into the keys that
have been also attached there and
encrypted with the recipient key and
that gives you a key to get those sweet
blobs that have been stored on ipfs and
finally if you're an author then you can
go and build those blocks sign those
blocks and creep them it takes care of
most of the things so you don't have to
deal with it so if you open questions
say just through them here I would be
happy to discuss them with you if you
engage me afterwards or on internets so
that's it
thank you let's have fun
[Applause]